Is welcome to this to toil in this one I'll be super happy to introduce to you the best chat but implementation
I have found on the Internet.
So this implementation is by the author Suria depan run.
So huge congrats to him.
He made an awesome wrapper for the SEC the SEC moral and besides he wrote two articles explaining dyslexic
morale and how his model works.
I'm going to provide Of course these two articles.
So that's the first one.
And that's the second one.
On this practical sectors like model he implemented.
So I strongly recommend to read these two articles and that is his or her page where you will find his
model and the model I'm going to give you is based on this model only I simplified it a lot for you
not to get lost and see mostly the parallel with what we implemented before you're going to see that
I modified the code I modified the comments so that you can find yourself in the code and mostly recognize
what we implemented before.
So no need to clone or download this Rabo Well you can actually do it.
But since I'm providing a totally different folder.
Well I rather recommend to download this folder and this folder you can find it in the resources of
it all you're watching right now.
So on the course content page on you to me go to this lecture and then you will find the resources not
only the folder that will contain the model that is this best chat but there are also these links of
this first article on Jedburgh SEC the SEC and practical SEC to say the second article and of course
the link to this page and this fourth thing here is just to show you that people had a lot of errors
when trying to import this moral but I managed to make it work for you and you're going to see the results
are absolutely amazing.
I'm telling you this might be the best job.
But on the Internet.
But of course if you find another one like that I'm very interested in knowing.
And actually I would like to provide the best models in this course and always keep them updated.
So now please download this zip folder on the resources of the Statoil.
That's the thing you should do.
And then once it's done.
Well follow me.
Since this implementation was made on tenso of flow 0.12 been one.
Well the first thing we're going to do is install a new virtual environment that we're going to call
the best chat but and that will contain tons of low 0.12 porn one.
So let's do this let's install this virtual environment.
All right.
So on your computer for Mac Linux users open the terminal and for Windows users opened an echo on the
prompt that you can find by going to the list of programs then finding Anaconda and then a second prompt.
And for Mac and Windows users just open the terminal.
There we go.
The terminal is opened for you Windows users.
Please have your an icon that popped open.
And now we are on the same page.
And so now what we have to do is as we did for our chat about virtual environment we have to answer
the Create minus and the best shot.
But that's the name of the virtual environment we're creating by.
Equals three point five.
We have to be on site and 3.5 and then anaconda to install it in Anaconda.
All right and then just press enter and it's going to install this virtual environment that we called
the best chat.
But with by 3.5 inside Anaconda then you have to press Y and then enter to say just yes you would like
to install this.
So that's basically what we've already done with our previous virtual environment.
And it should be very quick because we already installed bison 3.5.
All right perfect.
Then the next command you have to enter is for Macs and Linux users.
Source activate the best shirt but for Windows users the same thing but without the source.
So for Windows users just type activate the best shotput and this command is to activate this virtual
environment to get inside of it.
And then once we're inside of it we will install tens of 0.12 on one.
So now I'll just press enter.
All right and now we were inside the best chat but virtual environment.
All right.
And so inside of it what are we going to do.
Well we are going to install tens of low 0.12 on one which we can do with the following command tip.
So that's the same for Mac Linux or Windows users.
Install then 10 server flow and then be careful to double equals 0 point twelve point one.
And then just press enter.
All right.
Collecting tons of flow 0.12 1 1 require an already satisfied and Stallin collected packages produce
a booth and tons of low end successfully installed tens of 0.12 on one.
Perfect.
So now you have your virtual environment the best judge but that contains tens of 0.2 of 1 1 and that
will allow us to run this best shot.
But in my opinion inside and out and speaking of Anaconda we'll go right now to an update on just closing
the terminal.
And let's go to Anaconda.
Anaconda Navigator.
And then in the navigator.
Don't forget to connect to this new virtual environment that we just installed by going to applications
on and clicking on the air here and then.
So that's our previous virtual environment chat but but then we want to go now to this new virtual environment
that we just created the best Shadbolt.
There we go.
That contains tens of flow 0.12 on one.
All right so we are connected and now we're going to launch spider inside this virtual environment.
So Spider is launching.
And there we go.
We are inside spider.
All right so now what we're going to do.
So the zip folder you downloaded from the resources of this lecture which is called by the way the best
chat but please put it anywhere you can find it easily on your computer.
So me I put it on my desktop and file explorer.
I just need to go to desktop here and there we go we have to keep an LP.
It is a folder that was a file that contains this whole implementation we made up until here.
But then there is this best book that I unzipped because the resources you have the zip folder just
adds a bit and you will find the best Shadbolt later.
So then just go inside because you have to be inside his father which is the working directory folder
to execute this jabat.
So I'm just quickly going to describe the file here.
So this first file is a data processing python file that will just preprocess the data.
Then Same here that's kind of some data processing as well but more specific to natural language processing.
Then we have these two files that you might recognize.
You know these containers for example some dictionaries for the answers here and the questions.
Then this is the data set and by the way this is not the Cornell data set which is interesting this
is another data set which is actually the Twitter data set and this other data set works very well for
us because you know we want to build a general conversational chat but that can talk about anything
to anyone and we'll actually Twitter is perfect for that because on Twitter you can talk about anything
and besides you talk on Twitter like you would talk to your friends.
So that's another great data set.
And I think it might actually be better than the corner data set because you know sometimes the movie
lines are not exactly like in real life.
You know it's always researched with a little style to make it exciting.
And on Twitter it's like it's a little bit more natural.
So I think it would be an even better dataset.
And I think it's great that you can have two chat but one trend on the Twitter day is that.
And one of the trends on another day is that like the corner dataset and then this fell this is the
big file that contains the wrapper of the SEC the SEC.
MORELL So that's basically the file that will implement the building and the training mostly of the
SEC to sec model we can actually have a look at it.
So as you can see I entitled it part three training sectors like model and you will recognize a lot
of what we did.
There are a lot of common things we did in our implementation and this sector Seck wrapper implementation
here.
So following all the tutorials we've done together will help a lot.
Understanding this great implementation.
So I'm just going to close this.
And there we go.
Here we are with our best shot but that is the file that will run to chat with our chat.
But and as you can see it contains the exact same structure as we made for jabat implementation.
First we bought the libraries then part one data pre-processing we import the data set here which is
the meta data data set that is right here you can actually have a look at it you can open it with a
text editor.
Then here we split the data set into the training set and a set classic and data processing.
Then here we do some embedding.
We saw that also for our implementation then part to building the sectors like model.
Well we of course use the SEC the SEC wrapper to build it and then Same for this part three training
sectors like more.
Well I invite you to see the training part in the same SEC to sec wrapper python file.
And finally in part 4 we test the SEC to signal the same way by first loading the weight and running
the session.
So we opened the session here and actually the weights are gathered here.
Which leads me to the last element of this for there the Wades father here which contains the weights
in the same format as the weights we got after a few hours of the training which I remind was definitely
not enough in our chat but implementation.
Let's go back to the working direct folder.
So these are the weights.
So there we go you have all these files.
All you need to run this chat but.
And so that's exactly what we're going to do now.
We're going to run it just I finish with this part 4 here we define the function that gets the chat
but responds when we ask it a question.
And then here we set up the chat in a more simple way.
Thanks to all the data processing and other files here that do some great processing of the data and
the text to interact with the chat.
But so if you're ready we're now going to execute this jabat and watch the awesome results.
So to run this model there is nothing more simple just to select everything here and then just press
control or command to execute.
And there we go.
Now we have to wait a little bit.
It is setting up the chat and soon enough we should be able to chat with the chat.
But.
All right.
So a few seconds left I think.
Start chatting below you know there we go.
Almost ready to chat with the chat.
But and there we go.
So as you see I introduced yourself as you.
And then the chat with will be Chad.
But all right so what do you want to say first.
Well let's chat like we would chat to our friends.
Let's just say hi.
For example.
So high.
What does it say.
How's the weekend.
Well the weekend was great actually actually.
Today is Saturday December 23rd and it's the weekend.
So my weekend is great thank you.
I will just say great.
An answer.
You're welcome.
Yeah well very polite chat and very friendly.
So you see it's really talking like a friend.
What can I say now.
Well I'm going to play a little bit with the Twitter subjects that were going on in 2017.
For example I can ask.
So this is a classic if you know it but I can ask who won the first prezzie then show debate because
you know there is a lot of conversations on politics on Twitter.
And so if I press enter.
Well the jab replies Trump will be a better time for men.
And that's the Chulbul replying that nobody else.
So you see Archibold that has a little sense of humor.
And then if I say hey happy birthday have a nice day because you know this chat but was just born today.
Well if I press enter the Chabert will say thank you.
So that's really really some good results.
But of course these results were cut after a long time of training and mostly a lot of experimentation
a lot of hyper parameter Kunin you know Arshiya.
But with our frustration of course we're going to try to improve it.
But as the developer said he did a lot of parameter Choong.
He tweets a lot of parameters.
He improved a lot of data processing the data processing is a much better one than ours and we will
have to improve ours because you know there is a lot to experiment on the data processing.
For example the percentage of the non frequent words that we filter out we can change that.
For example we can decide to only include in the training the questions and the answers that have a
minimum number of words.
We can also change the max length and by changing all this we might get some great results.
And so I really encourage you to experiment with the chair.
But if you want to go deeper with mine and again if you want to go deeper with this one I wont be offended.
This is a great one and that besides contains a lot of common points with what we implemented and most
importantly if you followed all the tutorials you will have no problem understanding each one of these
files because this is very similar to what we implemented.
So right this is the best job but it is true and you can use it you can play with it you just have to
do exactly what I did here.
Don't forget to install the virtual environment because this was implemented intensive.
0.12 upon one and therefore doesn't work with Tenterfield 1.0 point zero.
So don't forget to do that and have fun and mostly keep up the good work.
Never stop learning.
And again I'll be very interested to see your comments on the jabat implementation.
Feel free to give your suggestions.
I really want to improve this and I will have much better chance to improve this.
If we are all doing this together all right and right now it is December 23rd so I am wishing you some
merry Christmas.
If you're watching this Statoil either tonight for the most motivated or tomorrow.
And of course for the rest of you when you watch this later I wish you a great journey and deep learning.
Artificial intelligence.
All these fascinating fields that you can be proud to be part of.
And I'm telling you you made the right choice.
We have some great deal coming in of this field and it's amazing that you take part in this incredible
technology.
So on that note I'll tell you goodbye.
I wish you some great holidays.
And until then in Japan I'll be.